Update Ubuntu Kernel
https://www.wikihow.com/Update-Ubuntu-Kernel

0 - Using Ukuu

1 - Open Terminal.
Open Terminal. Click the black Terminal icon on the left side of the screen. This will open the Terminal window.
- You can also press Ctrl+Alt+T to open Terminal.
- ;

2 - Add the Ukuu repository.
Add the Ukuu repository. Type in sudo add-apt-repository ppa:teejee2008/ppa and press ↵ Enter.
- Ukuu is a free program that will find and install the correct kernel for you.

3 - Enter your password when prompted.
Enter your password when prompted. Type in the password you use to log into your computer, then press ↵ Enter.
- You won't see any characters or stars appear while typing.

4 - Press ↵ Enter when prompted.
Press ↵ Enter when prompted. Doing so adds the repository; this may take a few minutes, so don't type anything until the repository finishes adding.

5 - Update the repository.
Update the repository. Type in sudo apt-get update and press ↵ Enter. The repository will briefly update, after which point you can continue.

6 - Install Ukuu.
Install Ukuu. Type in sudo apt-get install ukuu and press ↵ Enter, then type in y when prompted and press ↵ Enter.

7 - Verify that Ukuu installed.
Verify that Ukuu installed. Type in ukuu, then press ↵ Enter. If you see a list of commands appear in Terminal, Ukuu successfully installed.

8 - Install the latest available kernel.
Install the latest available kernel. Type in sudo ukuu --install-latest and press ↵ Enter, then allow Ukuu to run.
- Skip this step if you want to use Ukuu's interface to install a kernel.

9 - Install a kernel from the Ukuu program.
Install a kernel from the Ukuu program. If you would rather browse the available kernels using the Ukuu program, do the following:
- Click the "Applications" ⋮⋮⋮ icon in the bottom-left corner of the screen.
- Scroll down and click Ukuu.
- Select the Kernel you want to install, then click Install.
- Enter your password when prompted, then click Authenticate.

10 - Reboot your computer.
Reboot your computer. Click the "Menu"  icon in the top-right corner of the screen, then click the "Power"  icon and click Restart in the resulting pop-up window.

11 - Check your current kernel.
Check your current kernel. You can double-check that Ubuntu's installation of your kernel was successful by opening Terminal and entering uname -sr. You should see the version number of the most recent (or, if different, your selected) kernel.

