Dual Boot Windows XP and Ubuntu
https://www.wikihow.com/Dual-Boot-Windows-XP-and-Ubuntu

0 - Steps

1 - Insert the Ubuntu Installation CD into your CD-ROM Drive.
Insert the Ubuntu Installation CD into your CD-ROM Drive. It is assumed that you already have Windows XP installed on your computer and that you have Ubuntu Desktop Edition downloaded and burned onto a CD already
- ;

2 - Restart your computer.
Restart your computer.

3 - Press your BIOS_Setup key (Usually:
Press your BIOS/Setup key (Usually: F1, F2, ESC, or DEL key) while the computer starts up to get into the BIOS.

4 - Go to the screen where you can adjust the boot priority of your devices and move the CD-ROM Drive up the priority list, by pressing the + key, so that it comes before the Hard Drive entry as seen below.
Go to the screen where you can adjust the boot priority of your devices and move the CD-ROM Drive up the priority list, by pressing the + key, so that it comes before the Hard Drive entry as seen below.

5 - Save & Exit out of the BIOS with the F10 key, your computer will restart.
Save & Exit out of the BIOS with the F10 key, your computer will restart.

6 - On the Ubuntu Setup screen, hit Enter to Start or install Ubuntu.
On the Ubuntu Setup screen, hit Enter to Start or install Ubuntu.

7 - Double-click Install on the Desktop.
Double-click Install on the Desktop.

8 - Go through the installation wizard (if using Ubuntu 8.04 until you reach step 4).
Go through the installation wizard (if using Ubuntu 8.04 until you reach step 4). Ubuntu 8.10 installs a dual-boot by default installation.

9 - If using Ubuntu 8.04, then at step 4, select the first option, Guided - resize and you can specify how much disk space you want the new partition to use as shown below.
If using Ubuntu 8.04, then at step 4, select the first option, Guided - resize and you can specify how much disk space you want the new partition to use as shown below.

10 - Continue through the rest of the steps and click Install on step 7.
Continue through the rest of the steps and click Install on step 7.

11 - Click Restart Now and remove the CD from CD-ROM drive.
Click Restart Now and remove the CD from CD-ROM drive.

12 - Done!
Done!! Every time you start up your computer now you will be prompted to select what operating system you want to start up through the GRUB Bootloader screen as seen below.

