Convert M4A to WAV in Ubuntu
https://www.wikihow.com/Convert-M4A-to-WAV-in-Ubuntu

0 - Steps

1 - Go to Applications > Ubuntu Software Center which is located in Main menu.
Go to Applications > Ubuntu Software Center which is located in Main menu.
- ;

2 - When you open Ubuntu Software Center you will need to type 'xcfa' in search function which are located on the right upper corner of the window and hit Enter.
When you open Ubuntu Software Center you will need to type 'xcfa' in search function which are located on the right upper corner of the window and hit Enter.

3 - Click on the 'Install' button, after that when it asks you for password, type the password and click on 'Authenticate' button or just hit Enter.
Click on the 'Install' button, after that when it asks you for password, type the password and click on 'Authenticate' button or just hit Enter.

4 - Now when XCFA is installed, you are ready to start to using this application.
Now when XCFA is installed, you are ready to start to using this application. Go to Applications > Sound & Video > XCFA,, where this application is located and click on icon to run XCFA.

5 - Now you need to choose 'Files' option, it's under 'Tools' option.
Now you need to choose 'Files' option, it's under 'Tools' option.

6 - After that you need choose where your file be imported and that you'll do it in 'Files destination' option.
After that you need choose where your file be imported and that you'll do it in 'Files destination' option.

7 - In my example, if you want, choose 'New destination' option.
In my example, if you want, choose 'New destination' option. In opened window choose 'Desktop' option and then click on 'Open' button. So now your file will be imported to your Desktop.

8 - Now locate where is desired file that you want to convert and just drag your M4a file to XCFA window.
Now locate where is desired file that you want to convert and just drag your M4a file to XCFA window.

9 - Click on the green little box under where it's Wav named.
Click on the green little box under where it's Wav named. For example, Play,Trash,Type,Wav.

10 - After that click on 'Apply the changes' button.
After that click on 'Apply the changes' button. Now when he done, go to your Desktop. There you will find your Wav file.

