Make a Simple Program With Xcode
https://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Simple-Program-With-Xcode

0 - Snow Leopard and Later

1 - Beginning with Snow Leopard, Apple has deprecated the use of Applescript Studio, but fear not, in spite of a bit of extra typing, things are actually better without it.
Beginning with Snow Leopard, Apple has deprecated the use of Applescript Studio, but fear not, in spite of a bit of extra typing, things are actually better without it. Go ahead and grab Xcode 3.2.5 or later. You can get 4.0 in the Mac App Store for free.
- ;

2 - File>New Project

File>New Project

3 - Click Applescript Application

Click Applescript Application

4 - Name your project, this example is named "Talking Example"

Name your project, this example is named "Talking Example"

5 - Your project should appear

Your project should appear

6 - Double click "Talking_ExampleAppDelegate.applescript"

Double click "Talking_ExampleAppDelegate.applescript"

7 - There are already some items filled in for you.
There are already some items filled in for you.  After the property declaration, insert a new handler:
- on clickedme_(sender)
- say "hello"
- end clickedme_

8 - Type Cmd+B to build

Type Cmd+B to build

9 - Now double-click MainMenu.xib

Now double-click MainMenu.xib

10 - Interface builder should open.
Interface builder should open. Close any xib windows it brings up from previous projects you may have worked on.

11 - A blank window should appear and you can drag a button onto it from the Library.
A blank window should appear and you can drag a button onto it from the Library.

12 - Double click the button and make it "Hello"

Double click the button and make it "Hello"

13 - CTRL-drag from the Hello button to the blue cube called "Talking Example AppDelegate" and let go.
CTRL-drag from the Hello button to the blue cube called "Talking Example AppDelegate" and let go.  You can now pick the clicked-me event handler to link to the "Hello" button you just made.

14 - Now click file > save.
Now click file > save. You many now quit interface builder.

15 - In Xcode, press build and go at the top.
In Xcode, press build and go at the top. Your application should run smoothly.

