Fix an "External Hard Drive Not Detected" Error on PC or Mac
https://www.wikihow.com/Fix-an-%22External-Hard-Drive-Not-Detected%22-Error-on-PC-or-Mac

0 - Troubleshooting with the Device Manager on Windows

1 - Right-click on the Windows Start  button.
Right-click on the Windows Start  button.  It's in the lower-left corner of the task bar.  Right-clicking the start menu displays a list of different managers you can use to troubleshoot problems on your computer.

2 - Click Device Manager.
Click Device Manager.  This opens the Device Manager program on your computer.

3 - Click Other Devices.
Click Other Devices.  This displays a list of assorted devices on your computer, including unrecognized devices.

4 - Right-click Unknown device.
Right-click Unknown device.  If there are devices on your PC that don't have the proper drivers installed, they appear as "Unknown devices" in the Device Manager.[1]
- X
- Research source

5 - Click Disable.
Click Disable.  This displays a prompt asking if you want to disable the device.  Click Yes to disable the device.

6 - Right-click Unknown device again.
Right-click Unknown device again.  This displays the pop-up menu.

7 - Click Scan for hardware changes.
Click Scan for hardware changes.  It's near the bottom of the pop-up menu.  This scans for new devices on your PC.

8 - Right-click Unknown device again.
Right-click Unknown device again.  This displays the pop-up menu.

9 - Click Enable.
Click Enable.  It's the second option at the bottom of the pop-up menu.  This re-enables the device.

10 - Right-click Unknown device again.
Right-click Unknown device again.  This displays the pop-up menu.

11 - Click Update Software Driver.
Click Update Software Driver.  It's first option in the pop-up menu.

12 - Click Search automatically for updated driver software.
Click Search automatically for updated driver software.  This searches for the latest driver for the device online.

13 - Click Universal Serial Bus controller.
Click Universal Serial Bus controller.  This displays the all the USB ports on your PC.

14 - Right-click the USB port(s).
Right-click the USB port(s).  This displays a pop-up menu for the USB port.

15 - Click Properties.
Click Properties.  It's at the bottom of the pop-up menu for the USB port.

16 - Click the Power Management tab.
Click the Power Management tab.  It's the last tab at the top of the Properties menu.

17 - Uncheck  "Allow this computer to turn off this device to save power".
Uncheck  "Allow this computer to turn off this device to save power".  Repeat for all USB ports on your computer.

