Migrate from macOS to Windows 10
https://www.wikihow.com/Migrate-from-macOS-to-Windows-10

0 - Getting to Know the Interface

1 - Use Ctrl in place of ⌘ Command for most commands.
Use Ctrl in place of ⌘ Command for most commands.  For example, to undo, use Ctrl+Z.

2 - Use ⇧ Shift in place of ⌥ Option for most commands.
Use ⇧ Shift in place of ⌥ Option for most commands.  For example, to open Task Manager quickly, instead of using ⌘ Command+⌥ Option+Esc, use Ctrl+⇧ Shift+Esc.

3 - Memorize the exceptions.
Memorize the exceptions.  To close a window, don't use Ctrl+Q, use Alt+F4, and to switch between windows, use Alt+Tab ↹ or ⊞ Win+Tab ↹ instead of Ctrl+Tab ↹ (this shortcut may be used to switch between tabs in a browser, though).

4 - Learn how to use the default apps.
Learn how to use the default apps.
- Instead of using Preferences, use Settings or Control Panel.
- Use Camera instead of Photo Booth.
- Instead of using iTunes, use Groove Music to play your music and Movies & TV to play your movies.
- Use Microsoft Edge instead of Safari to surf the web.
- Use Notepad instead of TextEdit to edit .txt files.
- Use Photos instead of iPhoto and iMovie to view, import, and edit photos and videos.

5 - Understand the taskbar.
Understand the taskbar.  The taskbar is similar to the dock.  All of your open apps and your quick launch apps are on your taskbar.  The Recycle Bin isn't there, though; it's on the desktop.

6 - Understand Start.
Understand Start.  It's the same as the Launchpad and the Apple menu combined.  In Start, you can quickly launch apps, shut down your computer, and open up folders.
- For more options, right-click on the Start button.

7 - Understand Cortana.
Understand Cortana.  Cortana is the same as Siri and Spotlight Search combined.  It can do the same as Siri, but it can also search the web and files.

8 - Understand the location of certain functions.
Understand the location of certain functions.  On Mac, the buttons appear in the following order in the upper left corner:  Close, minimize, full screen/maximize.  On Windows, the buttons appear in the following order in the upper right corner:  minimize, maximize/exit full screen, close.

9 - Understand the filesystem.
Understand the filesystem.  Files are located in the C drive, particularly your user folder.  It is very easy to switch drives.

10 - Understand multitasking.
Understand multitasking.  You can view all open apps, as well as previously open apps on Windows 10 version 1803, through the Task View/Timeline.  You can also create new virtual desktops in Desktop Mode as in Mission Control.

11 - Understand the Action Center.
Understand the Action Center.  The Action Center is like the Notification Center, except you can also change quick settings there as well, like the Control Center.

