Set Keyboard Shortcuts for Mac Programs
https://www.wikihow.com/Set-Keyboard-Shortcuts-for-Mac-Programs

0 - Steps

1 - Click on the Apple menu.
Click on the Apple menu. It's the black, apple-shaped icon in the upper-left of your screen.
- ;

2 - Click on System Preferences.
Click on System Preferences.

3 - Click on Keyboard.
Click on Keyboard. It's near the center of the preferences window.
- If you don't see a full menu of System Preferences options, click on ⋮⋮⋮⋮ in the top bar of the dialog box.

4 - Click on Shortcuts.
Click on Shortcuts. It's near the top of the dialog box.

5 - Click on App Shortcuts.
Click on App Shortcuts. It's in the left pane of the dialog box.

6 - Click on +.
Click on +. It's below the right pane of the dialog box.

7 - Click on All Applications.
Click on All Applications. It's the drop-down menu at the top of the dialog box.

8 - Select the application in which you'd like to create a shortcut.
Select the application in which you'd like to create a shortcut.
- If you'd like to set a shortcut for all possible apps, select "All Applications."
- Not all apps allow keyboard shortcuts.

9 - Type a menu command path in the box next to "Menu Title."
Type a menu command path in the box next to "Menu Title." Menu commands are the commands appearing in the drop-downs of the application's menu bar. For example, "Print..." and "Save" are commands under the "File"  drop-down menu. So, the path for "Print" would be "File->Print..."
- Type the command path exactly as it appears in the drop-down from the menu bar. Include capitalization and punctuation (like the ellipsis following "Print"); use "->" to separate the steps.
- To set a shortcut for Delete in Chrome, you'd type "Edit->Delete," for example.

10 - Type a keyboard shortcut.
Type a keyboard shortcut. A shortcut must be unique and begin with control, option, command (⌘), or some combination thereof. You cannot use a keystroke more than once in a shortcut.
- If you set a shortcut that already exists in the app, it will not work.

11 - Click on Add.
Click on Add. Now, you can activate your keyboard shortcut whenever you are using the app in which you added the shortcut.
- Repeat these steps to set additional keyboard shortcuts.

