Take a Screenshot in Microsoft Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Take-a-Screenshot-in-Microsoft-Windows

0 - Screenshotting Several Windows in a Row

1 - Understand how this works.
Understand how this works. A program called "PSR.exe" that's built into virtually all Windows computers allows you to record up to 100 different screens and save them all to one document. This program also makes a note of where you click and which actions you perform on each screen.;

2 - Go to the initial page that you want to screenshot.
Go to the initial page that you want to screenshot. This should be the first page in the sequence of pages that you want to screenshot.;

3 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen. The Start menu will pop up.;

4 - Open the Run program.
Open the Run program. Type in run and then click Run at the top of the Start window.;

5 - Enter the command to open PSR.
Enter the command to open PSR. Type psr.exe into the Run window.;

6 - Click OK.
Click OK. It's at the bottom of the Run window. This will bring up a small, rectangular toolbar at the top of the screen.;

7 - Click Start Record.
Click Start Record. This is at the top of the toolbar. Doing so turns on the Steps Recorder, which will record the next 25 screen changes.;
- If you want to record more than 25 changes, first click  on the right side of the toolbar, click Settings..., and change the "Number of recent screen captures to store" number.

8 - Click through your different screens.
Click through your different screens. Each time your screen changes (other than simply moving your mouse), the Steps Recorder will take a screenshot.;

9 - Click Stop Record.
Click Stop Record. It's at the top of the toolbar. Doing so stops recording screen changes and opens the results window.;

10 - Review your screenshots.
Review your screenshots. Scroll down through the window to make sure that you captured all of the screenshots that you wanted to save.;

11 - Save your screenshots to a ZIP folder.
Save your screenshots to a ZIP folder. Click Save at the top of the window, enter a file name and select a save location, and click Save.
- This will save the screenshots in one HTML file. You can open the HTML file in your computer's Internet Explorer browser in order to view its contents.

