Change or Create Desktop Icons for Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Change-or-Create-Desktop-Icons-for-Windows

0 - Creating Icons

1 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen, or press ⊞ Win.

2 - Type paint into Start, then press ↵ Enter.
Type paint into Start, then press ↵ Enter. Make sure you don't press ↵ Enter until the Paint icon, which resembles a paint palette, appears at the top of the Start window.

3 - Click File.
Click File. It's a blue button in the upper-left corner of the Paint window.

4 - Click Open.
Click Open. This option is in the File menu. Doing so opens a window where you can open a file location.
- If you'd rather create your own icon by drawing in Paint, skip this step and instead create your drawing.

5 - Select a picture.
Select a picture. You may have to click a location on the left side of the Open window (e.g., Pictures) to find the picture you want to open.
- Skip this step if you're drawing your own icon.

6 - Click Open.
Click Open. This will open your image in the Paint window.
- Skip this step if you're drawing your own icon.

7 - Click File again.
Click File again. It's in the top-left corner of Paint.

8 - Select Save as.
Select Save as. This option is near the top of the File menu.

9 - Click BMP picture.
Click BMP picture. It's an option to the right of the Save as button. Doing so opens a Save As window where you can name your file.

10 - Type in your file's name followed by .ico.
Type in your file's name followed by .ico. This will ensure that your file is saved as an icon file.
- For example, you might name your file "shortcut.ico".

11 - Click a folder to save your file in.
Click a folder to save your file in. Do so in the left-hand pane of the Save As window.
- The Pictures folder is a safe place to save your shortcut file.

12 - Click Save.
Click Save. It's at the bottom of the window. Doing so will save your icon in your selected folder.

13 - Change a program's icon
Change a program's icon using your created icon. You'll use the Browse method and select your custom icon from the folder where you saved it.

