Change or Create Desktop Icons for Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Change-or-Create-Desktop-Icons-for-Windows

0 - Changing System Desktop Icons

1 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen, or press the ⊞ Win key.
- ;

2 - Click Settings .
Click Settings . It's in the lower-left side of the Start window.

3 - Click Personalization.
Click Personalization. This is the monitor-shaped icon on the Windows Settings page.
- You can also access this page by right-clicking a blank space on the desktop and then clicking Personalization in the drop-down menu.

4 - Click Themes.
Click Themes. It's a tab on the left side of the Personalization window.

5 - Click Desktop icon settings.
Click Desktop icon settings. This link is in the upper-right side of the Themes page. Clicking it opens the Desktop Icon Settings window.
- If you haven't edited your theme at all, this link will be in the middle of the page beneath the "Related Settings" heading.
- You can also click Get more themes in the Store below the "Apply a theme" heading to browse desktop themes. Some themes will change your desktop icons' appearances.

6 - Click an icon you want to change.
Click an icon you want to change. This will select the icon.
- For example, you might click This PC or Recycle Bin.
- You can also check the box next to a desktop icon's name at the top of the window to make it appear on your desktop, or uncheck the box to remove it from the desktop.
- Check the "Allow themes to change desktop icons" box on this window to enable theme-related icon changes.

7 - Click Change Icon.
Click Change Icon. It's near the bottom of the window.

8 - Select an icon.
Select an icon. You can select two different types of icons:
- 
- System icon - Click an icon in the window.
- Custom icon - Click Browse, then click the folder that your custom icons are in on the left side of the window. Select the icon you want to use, then click Open.

9 - Click OK.
Click OK. This will assign your selected icon to the desktop program.

10 - Click Apply, then click OK.
Click Apply, then click OK. Doing so confirms your decision and changes the desktop program's icon to your selected icon.

