Change or Create Desktop Icons for Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Change-or-Create-Desktop-Icons-for-Windows

0 - Removing Arrows from Shortcut Icons

1 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen, or press ⊞ Win.

2 - Type regedit into the Start window.
Type regedit into the Start window. This will bring up the "regedit" program at the top of the window.

3 - Click regedit.
Click regedit. It's a blue group of blocks at the top of the window.

4 - Click Yes when prompted.
Click Yes when prompted. This will open the Registry Editor.

5 - Navigate to the Explorer folder.
Navigate to the Explorer folder. To do so:
- Expand HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE by clicking V left of it. This folder is in the top-left side of the Registry Editor window.
- Expand SOFTWARE.
- Expand Microsoft.
- Expand Windows.
- Expand CurrentVersion.
- Click Explorer.

6 - Click Edit.
Click Edit. It's in the top-left corner of the Registry Editor window.

7 - Select New, then click Key.
Select New, then click Key. Doing so creates a new "key", which resembles a folder, in the column of folders below the Explorer folder.

8 - Type Shell Icons into the key's name, then press ↵ Enter.
Type Shell Icons into the key's name, then press ↵ Enter. Doing so renames the key.
- Make sure you type this name exactly as it appears here.

9 - Click the Edit tab.
Click the Edit tab. It's in the upper-left corner of the window.

10 - Select New, then click String Value.
Select New, then click String Value. This creates a new code item in the Shell Icons key.

11 - Type in 29, then press ↵ Enter.
Type in 29, then press ↵ Enter. Doing so renames your string value.

12 - Double-click the 29 string value.
Double-click the 29 string value. This opens the Edit String window.

13 - Type %windir%\System32\shell32.dll,-50 into the Value data field.
Type %windir%\System32\shell32.dll,-50 into the Value data field. This field is at the bottom of the "Edit String" window.

14 - Click OK.
Click OK. Doing so saves your edit to the registry.

15 - Restart your computer.
Restart your computer. Once your computer reboots, you should no longer see the icon arrow in the bottom-left corner of your desktop icons.

