Change or Create Desktop Icons for Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Change-or-Create-Desktop-Icons-for-Windows

0 - Changing Shortcut and Folder Icons

1 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen, or press ⊞ Win.

2 - Click the File Explorer .
Click the File Explorer . You'll find this icon on the far-left side of the Start window.

3 - Click Desktop.
Click Desktop. It's a folder in the left-hand column of options in the File Explorer window.

4 - Click a shortcut or folder icon.
Click a shortcut or folder icon. Shortcut icons have a white box with an arrow in their lower-left corners.
- You cannot change the icons of specific files (e.g., Notepad files or .exe files) using this method.

5 - Click the Home tab.
Click the Home tab. It's in the upper-left corner of the File Explorer window. Doing so will open a toolbar at the top of the window.

6 - Click Properties.
Click Properties. This is a white box with a red checkmark in the "Open" section of the toolbar.
- You can also right-click on the icon on your desktop and then click Properties to get to this menu.

7 - Open the icon's "Change Icon" window.
Open the icon's "Change Icon" window. This process will vary depending on the type of icon you're editing:
- 
- Shortcut - Click the Shortcut tab at the top of the Properties window, then click Change Icon near the bottom of the window.
- Folder - Click the Customize tab at the top of the Properties window, then click Change Icon near the bottom of the window.

8 - Select an icon.
Select an icon. You can select two different types of icons:
- 
- System icon - Click an icon in the window.
- Custom icon - Click Browse, then click the folder that your custom icons are in on the left side of the window. Select the icon you want to use, then click Open.

9 - Click OK.
Click OK. This will assign your selected icon.

10 - Click Apply, then click OK.
Click Apply, then click OK. Doing so confirms your decision and changes the original icon to your selected icon.

