Change a Computer's Mac Address in Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Change-a-Computer%27s-Mac-Address-in-Windows

0 - Using the Device Manager

1 - Open the Device Manager.
Open the Device Manager. You can access the Device Manager from the Control Panel. It will be located in the System and Security section if you are using Category View.
- ;

2 - Expand the Network Adapters section.
Expand the Network Adapters section. In your Device Manager, you will see a list of all of the hardware installed on your computer. These are sorted into categories. Expand the Network Adapters section to see all of your installed network adapters.
- If you are not sure which adapter you are using, see Step 1 of the second method to find your device's Description.

3 - Right-click on your adapter.
Right-click on your adapter. Select Properties from the menu to open the network adapter's Properties window.

4 - Click the Advanced tab.
Click the Advanced tab. Look for the "Network Address" or "Locally Administered Address" entry. Highlight it and you will see a "Value" field on the right. Click the radio button to enable the "Value" field.
- Not all adapters can be changed this way. If you can't find either of these entries, you will need to use one of the other methods in this article.

5 - Enter your new MAC address.
Enter your new MAC address. MAC addresses are 12-digit values, and should be entered without any dashes or colons. For example, if you want to make the MAC address "2A:1B:4C:3D:6E:5F", you would enter "2A1B4C3D6E5F".

6 - Reboot your computer to enable the changes.
Reboot your computer to enable the changes. You can also disable and re-enable your adapter within Windows for the change to become effective without rebooting. Just sliding the Wi-Fi's On/Off switch like the slider found on ThinkPads and VaiOs won't satisfactorily disable/re-enable the card.

7 - Check that the changes took effect.
Check that the changes took effect. Once you've rebooted the computer, open the Command Prompt and enter ipconfig /all and note the Physical Address of your adapter. It should be your new MAC address.

