Change Your IP Address (Windows)
https://www.wikihow.com/Change-Your-IP-Address-(Windows)

0 - Private IP

1 - Open Start .
Open Start . It's in the bottom-left corner of the screen. If you're trying to change your IP address in order to fix a connection issue, renewing it is an easier process than manually changing the address.

2 - Type command prompt into Start.
Type command prompt into Start. This will search your computer for the Command Prompt app.

3 - Right-click  Command Prompt.
Right-click  Command Prompt. It should be at the top of the Start window.

4 - Click Run as administrator.
Click Run as administrator. This option is at the bottom of the drop-down menu.
- If you aren't an administrator on your current computer, you won't have this option and thus won't be able to renew your computer's IP address.

5 - Click Yes when prompted.
Click Yes when prompted. Doing so opens Command Prompt.

6 - Type in ipconfig _release and press ↵ Enter.
Type in ipconfig /release and press ↵ Enter. This command "forgets" your current IP address.

7 - Type in ipconfig _renew and press ↵ Enter.
Type in ipconfig /renew and press ↵ Enter. This refreshes your IP address. Doing this in and of itself will likely solve some connection issues, though it won't always change your computer's actual IP address.

8 - Open the Settings app
Open the Settings app. Click the Start  button and select the Settings  gear.

9 - Select the Network & Internet category.
Select the Network & Internet category.

10 - Ensure the Status section is selected.
Ensure the Status section is selected. This is the first tab on the left pane.

11 - Click the "Change connection properties" link.
Click the "Change connection properties" link.

12 - Click Edit under "IP assignment".
Click Edit under "IP assignment". Scroll down to access this section.

13 - Switch to a manual IP assignment.
Switch to a manual IP assignment. Click the dropdown menu from the dialog that appears and choose the "Manual" option.

14 - Toggle on  IPv4.
Toggle on  IPv4. Several text boxes will appear.

15 - Fill in the text boxes.
Fill in the text boxes.  Here's what they mean:
- 
- IP address - Usually, your device's IP address will be "192.168.1.X" (or a similar set of numbers), wherein "X" is specific to your device. Change the "X" value to a number between 1 and 100. Make sure you don't use the same IP address as another device on your network (e.g., your phone).
- Subnet prefix length - This depends on your IP address, but will usually be "255.255.255.X".
- Gateway - This is your router's IP address.
- Preferred DNS - Your preferred DNS address (for example: "208.67.222.222" for the OpenDNS server, or "8.8.8.8" for Google's server).
- Alternate DNS - A secondary DNS address (for example: "208.67.220.220" for the OpenDNS server, or "8.8.4.4" for Google's server).

16 - Click Save.
Click Save. Your new network settings will be saved and applied.

