Speed Up a Slow Windows Computer for Free
https://www.wikihow.com/Speed-Up-a-Slow-Windows-Computer-for-Free

0 - Turning Off Visual Effects

1 - Open the Start menu.
Open the Start menu. This is in the bottom left corner of your computer screen. Visual effects in Windows 8 and 10 were designed for relevant brand-new machines; if you updated to one of these operating systems with an older computer, you've probably noticed some significant slow-down. Turning down the visual effects will speed up your computer's processing immensely.
- You can also tap the ⊞ Win key to open Start.

2 - Open the "Control Panel" app.
Open the "Control Panel" app. You can do this by typing "control panel" into Start's search bar, or you can open Control Panel manually from the "Windows System" folder at the bottom of the Start menu.

3 - Type "Adjust the appearance" into Control Panel's search bar.
Type "Adjust the appearance" into Control Panel's search bar. The search bar is in the top right corner of your Control Panel window.

4 - Click "Adjust the appearance and performance of Windows".
Click "Adjust the appearance and performance of Windows". This should be near the top of the "System" group on the left side of the Control Panel window.

5 - Review your computer's visual effects.
Review your computer's visual effects. You have a few options in this menu:
- Adjust for best appearance - This will turn Windows effects all the way up, which is effectively the opposite of what you should do.
- Adjust for best performance - This will turn Windows effects down considerably, speeding up your computer in the process.
- Custom - Un-check the box next to any feature you wish to disable. For optimal performance on an older machine, disable every feature.

6 - Click the option that best pertains to your PC.
Click the option that best pertains to your PC. For older machines, using the Custom option to disable all visual effects is your best course of action, while the "Adjust for best performance" option will take care of most mid-range computers.

7 - Exit the Performance Options window.
Exit the Performance Options window. You may notice a decrease in the presentation quality on your computer, but its processing speed should have increased.

