Format a Computer
https://www.wikihow.com/Format-a-Computer

0 - Windows 8.1

1 - Back up your data.
Back up your data. Formatting your PC will erase all of your applications, data, and personal files. If you want to save your data, see How to Back Up a Windows Computer to learn how.
- If your PC came with Windows 8 instead of Windows 8.1, formatting and resetting will revert you back to that version.[2]
- X
- Research source
- 
-  Once you reinstall Windows 8, you'll be prompted to upgrade once again to 8.1.

2 - Hold the mouse cursor at the bottom-right corner of the screen.
Hold the mouse cursor at the bottom-right corner of the screen. This opens the Charms menu.

3 - Click Settings .
Click Settings . It's the gear icon on the Charms menu.

4 - Click Change PC Settings.
Click Change PC Settings. It's at the bottom of the menu.[3]
- X
- Research source

5 - Click the Update and recovery tab.
Click the Update and recovery tab. It's near the bottom of the left panel.

6 - Click Recovery.
Click Recovery. It's in the right panel.

7 - Click Get started under "Remove everything and reinstall Windows.
Click Get started under "Remove everything and reinstall Windows." It's in the middle of the right panel. Make sure you don't accidentally "Get started" under a different option, as there are several.

8 - Click Next.
Click Next. This confirms that you want to delete all of your personal files, apps, and settings from this PC.

9 - Select which drive(s) you want to format.
Select which drive(s) you want to format. If you only want to format the drive on which Windows 8 is installed, select Only the drive where Windows is installed. To format all drives on the computer, select All drives.

10 - Click Fully clean the drive.
Click Fully clean the drive. This option (the second one) ensures that the drive is completely formatted.
- If you're planning to keep the PC and aren't worried about people accessing your deleted files, you can click Just remove my files. This won't format the drive, though.

11 - Click Reset to format your PC.
Click Reset to format your PC. Depending on the size and speed of your hard drive, this part can take a while (anywhere from several minutes to several hours).
- If you're using a laptop, make sure you plug it into a power source so the formatting is not interrupted.
- Once the PC is formatted, it will reboot and prompt you to reinstall Windows. Follow the on-screen instructions if you'd like to do so.

