Remove Windows Genuine Advantage Notifications
https://www.wikihow.com/Remove-Windows-Genuine-Advantage-Notifications

0 - Removing the Activation Watermark from Windows 10

1 - Make sure that you're on an administrator account.
Make sure that you're on an administrator account. You'll need to be on an account that has administrator privileges in order to make changes to your computer's registry.

2 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen.

3 - Type in regedit.
Type in regedit. This will search your computer for the Registry Editor command.

4 - Click regedit.
Click regedit. It's a teal collection of blocks at the top of the Start window.

5 - Click Yes when prompted.
Click Yes when prompted. Doing so will open the Registry Editor window.

6 - Go to the "Activation" key.
Go to the "Activation" key. To do so:
- Expand the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE folder by double-clicking it.
- Expand SOFTWARE
- Scroll down and expand Microsoft
- Scroll down and expand Windows NT
- Expand CurrentVersion
- Expand Software Protection Platform
- Click Activation﻿

7 - Right-click Manual.
Right-click Manual. It's a blue-and-white icon on the right side of the window. A drop-down menu will appear.
- If your mouse doesn't have a right-click button, click the right side of the mouse, or use two fingers to click the mouse.
- If your computer uses a trackpad instead of a mouse, use two fingers to tap the trackpad or press the bottom-right side of the trackpad.

8 - Click Modify.
Click Modify. It's at the top of the drop-down menu. A window will appear.

9 - Change the value data.
Change the value data. In the "Value data" text box, replace the "0" with a "1", then click OK.
- You may be prompted to confirm this choice. If so, click Yes or OK before proceeding.

10 - Right-click NotificationDisabled.
Right-click NotificationDisabled. This item is also on the right side of the page.

11 - Click Modify.
Click Modify.

12 - Change the value data to 1.
Change the value data to 1. This will prevent the activation notification from appearing on your desktop.

13 - Restart your computer.
Restart your computer. Click Start , click Power , and click Restart in the pop-up menu. Your computer will shut down and then turn itself back on.

14 - Repeat this process if the notification reappears.
Repeat this process if the notification reappears. While removing the watermark notification will work temporarily, you may need to disable it again in the future.

