Make a Shutdown Shortcut in Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Shutdown-Shortcut-in-Windows

0 - Windows 8 and 10

1 - Open Desktop Mode (Windows 8).
Open Desktop Mode (Windows 8). You can access the Desktop by clicking on the Desktop tile on the Start screen or by pressing the Windows key + D. This will open the desktop, where you will see several icons.
- ;

2 - Create a new shortcut on the desktop.
Create a new shortcut on the desktop. Right-click on the desktop, select "New," and then choose "Shortcut." This will open the Create Shortcut window.

3 - Enter the shutdown command.
Enter the shutdown command. In the field labeled “Type the location of the item”, enter shutdown /s This will create a shortcut that will shut down the computer after a 30-second default timer.
- If you want to adjust the timer, add the /t XXX command to the end of the line. XXX represents the number of seconds delay you want prior to shutdown.  For example: shutdown /s /t 45 will create a shortcut that shuts down after 45 seconds.
- Setting the timer to 0 will shut down the computer immediately after the shortcut is run.

4 - Rename your shortcut.
Rename your shortcut. By default the shortcut will be named “shutdown”. You can change the name to whatever you’d like in the next window.

5 - Change the icon.
Change the icon. Windows will use the default Program icon for your new shortcut. You can change this by right-clicking on it and selecting "Properties." In the "Shortcut" tab, select "Change Icon…" This will open a list of available icons. Find one that better matches your shutdown shortcut.

6 - Pin the shortcut to your Start menu or taskbar.
Pin the shortcut to your Start menu or taskbar. Once the shortcut is complete, you can add it to your Start menu or taskbar by right-clicking the shortcut and select "Pin to Start" or "Pin to Taskbar." This will create a tile on your Start menu or a shortcut in your taskbar that you can click to shut down your computer.

