Boost an Instagram Post on Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Boost-an-Instagram-Post-on-Windows

0 - Steps

1 - Make sure your Instagram account is switched to a business profile.
Make sure your Instagram account is switched to a business profile. Your profile must be switched to a business account in order to use the boost and promotion features.
- You can't switch your account to business on a desktop computer. You will have to use a mobile device to switch your account, if you haven't already done so.
- You can check out this article for help with switching your account to business on mobile.
- ;

2 - Download the Instagram desktop app to your computer.
Download the Instagram desktop app to your computer. Find the Instagram app on the Windows Store, and click Get the app to download it.

3 - Open the Instagram desktop app on your computer.
Open the Instagram desktop app on your computer. The app will open up to the sign-in form.

4 - Sign in to your account in the desktop app.
Sign in to your account in the desktop app. Enter your username and password, and click Login. This will sign you in, and open your home feed.

5 - Click the  icon at the bottom.
Click the  icon at the bottom. This button is in the lower-right corner of the app window. It will open your profile.

6 - Click the Promote button at the top.
Click the Promote button at the top. You can find this button next to your profile picture at the top of your profile page.

7 - Select the picture you want to promote.
Select the picture you want to promote. Find the picture you want to boost, and click on it to select it for your promotion.

8 - Click Next on the top-right.
Click Next on the top-right. This will confirm your picture selection.

9 - Select a goal for your promotion.
Select a goal for your promotion. You can select More Profile Visits, More Website Traffic, or More Promotion Views.
- Your promotion will be automatically optimized to achieve the goal you select here.

10 - Click Next on the top-right.
Click Next on the top-right. This will confirm your goal.

11 - Select your target audience.
Select your target audience. You can select Automatic, Local, or Manual for your promotion's audience.
- 
- Automatic creates a target audience selection based on your followers, and other profiles like similar to them.
- Local focuses on people nearby your location.
- Manual allows you to manually select people, places, and interests to target.

12 - Click Next on the top-right.
Click Next on the top-right. This will confirm your target audience.

13 - Set your daily budget and duration.
Set your daily budget and duration. Tap and move the Daily Budget and Duration sliders to set how much you want to invest in your post promotion, and how long you want your promotion to stay up.
- You'll see your promotion's total cost and estimated reach at the top of this page.

14 - Click Next on the top-right.
Click Next on the top-right. This will take you to the final confirmation page.

15 - Click the Create Promotion button.
Click the Create Promotion button. This is a blue button at the bottom of the page. It will automatically charge your saved payment method, and create your post promotion.
- If you haven’t set a payment method yet, you can do so by clicking Add a new payment method on this page.

