Be Street Smart with Headphones
https://www.wikihow.com/Be-Street-Smart-with-Headphones

0 - Steps

1 - Get the right headphones.
Get the right headphones. Headphones of a lower quality will cause you to turn your music up loud in order to hear it well. Headphones of a higher quality will allow you to lower the volume. This will allow you to hear the important things that are going on around you in public spaces. 
- ;

2 - Don't turn your headphones up too loud.
Don't turn your headphones up too loud. Not only is this bad for your ears, it completely blocks out all sounds around you leaving you unable hear important things like people yelling after you or cars beeping at you. This increases the risk of something dangerous happening to you or being caused by you.

3 - Keep your musical device in your pocket, especially if it is a smart phone or iPod.
Keep your musical device in your pocket, especially if it is a smart phone or iPod. These devices can easily snatched away from you by opportunistic thieves and are very expensive to replace. If you like to switch your songs a lot, make a playlist and switch your songs that way.

4 - Respond when someone taps you.
Respond when someone taps you. Look at them and acknowledge that they are there. If they are a stranger, say, "Hi" to them very kindly and avoid eye contact if having a conversation with them concerns you. If they persist in touching you, kindly tell them that you're not interested, and put your earphones into your pockets. This way they know you are fully aware that they are following you.

5 - Walk fast while you listen to music.
Walk fast while you listen to music. It may seem silly, but it looks like you are on an evening jog rather than trying to get through an urban neighborhood without trouble.

6 - Know your route.
Know your route. If you don't know where you are going, and are in a neighborhood that seems dangerous, take your headphones out to let locals know that while you may be lost, you are not too confused as to your surroundings.

7 - Look at shadows on the ground.
Look at shadows on the ground. If you see one that is bigger than yours, turn your head behind to check and see if anyone is there.

8 - Look behind you every time you turn a corner to make sure no one is following you.
Look behind you every time you turn a corner to make sure no one is following you. Often times, people think because you are listening to music you are completely oblivious of your surroundings. Make sure that every time you turn a corner there is no one behind you, and that people you've seen before aren't there anymore.

9 - Ignore people when they yell at you.
Ignore people when they yell at you. A lot of individuals often find it funny to intimidate the public. When you ignore them, it makes them feel insecure, and they end up looking stupid. Just jam to your music and enjoy your day!

