Set Up VNC on Mac OS X
https://www.wikihow.com/Set-Up-VNC-on-Mac-OS-X

0 - Mac OS X 10.5 - Finder Method

1 - Open the Sharing System Preferences pane.
Open the Sharing System Preferences pane.
- Open System Preferences from your black apple menu.
- Click Sharing.

2 - At the top of the Services list is Screen Sharing.
At the top of the Services list is Screen Sharing. Select it and turn it On.

3 - Where it says Allow access for:
Where it says Allow access for:, choose All users.. This will make things easier.

4 - If you are not using ScreenSharing or JollysFastVNC you have to:
If you are not using ScreenSharing or JollysFastVNC you have to:
- Click the Computer Settings button.
- From the next window check on Anyone may request permission to control screen.
- On the same window enable the VNC viewers may control screen with password option and choose a password. This allows computers running VNC software that do not support all security methods, such as Chicken of the VNC.

5 - Click somewhere on the Desktop that is empty to activate the Finder.
Click somewhere on the Desktop that is empty to activate the Finder.

6 - Select the Go menu at the top of the screen and then Connect to Server.
Select the Go menu at the top of the screen and then Connect to Server.

7 - On the window that opens type vnc:__ followed by IP address of the computer to which you want to make a connection. (Example: vnc:__10.1.1.22)

On the window that opens type vnc:// followed by IP address of the computer to which you want to make a connection. (Example: vnc://10.1.1.22)

8 - Click the Connect button.
Click the Connect button.

9 - If it works you will have the option to connect as a registered user or by asking for permission.
If it works you will have the option to connect as a registered user or by asking for permission.
- If you select registered user you will need to enter a username and password for an account on the server computer.
- If you select to ask for permission someone will need to be at the remote computer and click allow.

