Fix a Webcam That Is Displaying a Black Screen on Windows
https://www.wikihow.com/Fix-a-Webcam-That-Is-Displaying-a-Black-Screen-on-Windows

0 - Using Device Manager

1 - Open Start .
Open Start . Click the Windows logo in the bottom-left corner of the screen.

2 - Type device manager into Start.
Type device manager into Start. Doing so will search your computer for the Device Manager program.

3 - Click  Device Manager.
Click  Device Manager. It's at the top of the Start window.

4 - Scroll down and double-click Imaging devices.
Scroll down and double-click Imaging devices. Doing so will expand the Imaging Devices section to show any connected visual items or cameras, including your webcam.

5 - Select your webcam's name.
Select your webcam's name. Click the name of your webcam below the Imaging Devices section.

6 - Click the "Update" button.
Click the "Update" button. This icon is the black box with a green arrow next to it at the top of the Device Manager window.

7 - Click Search automatically for updated driver software.
Click Search automatically for updated driver software. It's in the middle of the window. This will prompt Windows to begin searching for a software update.

8 - Wait for Windows to finish searching for drivers.
Wait for Windows to finish searching for drivers. If Windows discovers updated drivers for your webcam, they will be installed.
- You may have to confirm the installation or follow some on-screen instructions if prompted.

9 - Install drivers manually if necessary.
Install drivers manually if necessary. If Windows doesn't find updated drivers, you can still force your webcam to update. To do so:
- Click Close on the "The best drivers for your device are already installed" window.
- Select the webcam and click the "Update" button again.
- Click Browse my computer for driver software
- Click Let me pick from a list of available drivers on my computer
- Click USB Video Device and then click Next
- Click Close when prompted.

10 - Restart your computer.
Restart your computer. Click Start , click Power , and click Restart. Once your computer finishes starting back up, your webcam should be back to normal.

