Stream Your Webcam
https://www.wikihow.com/Stream-Your-Webcam

0 - Streaming Directly from Your Webcam on YouTube

1 - Install your webcam
Install your webcam if necessary. If your computer doesn't already have a built-in webcam, you'll need to attach and set up an external USB webcam before you'll be able to stream.
- You can buy webcams in virtually any tech store or large online marketplace (e.g., Amazon). They tend to range in price depending on their quality.

2 - Make sure that you're using Google Chrome.
Make sure that you're using Google Chrome. As of April 2018, streaming to YouTube directly from your computer's webcam is only available on Google Chrome.
- Streaming directly from your webcam is only available on Chrome versions 60 and up. If you're still using an older version of Chrome, update it before proceeding.[1]
- X
- Research source

3 - Open YouTube.
Open YouTube. Go to https://www.youtube.com/ in your computer's web browser. This will open your YouTube home page if you're logged into your Google Account.
- If you aren't logged in, click SIGN IN in the upper-right side of the page, then enter your email address and password when prompted.

4 - Click the "Upload"  icon.
Click the "Upload"  icon. It's the video camera-shaped icon in the upper-right side of the page. A drop-down menu will appear.

5 - Click Go live.
Click Go live. This option is in the drop-down menu. Doing so opens the live-streaming section of YouTube.

6 - Click Get started.
Click Get started. It's a blue button in the middle of the page. This will prompt YouTube to begin validating your account, which will unlock the ability to live-stream in 24 hours.[2]
- X
- Research source
- 
- If you've already activated your account for streaming on YouTube, skip to the "Click Camera" step.

7 - Re-open the live-streaming page after 24 hours.
Re-open the live-streaming page after 24 hours. Once your account is able to stream, go back to YouTube, click the "Upload" button appropriate to your browser, and select the Go live option.

8 - Click Camera.
Click Camera. It's a tab on the left side of the page. This option allows you to stream directly from your webcam without having to download an encoder.

9 - Click Allow when prompted.
Click Allow when prompted. This notification will appear in the upper-left corner of the window. Doing so allows Chrome to use your webcam and microphone.

10 - Enter your stream's information.
Enter your stream's information. Type the title and description for your stream into the "Title" and "Description" text boxes, then select a thumbnail if desired.[3]
- X
- Research source

11 - Click GO LIVE.
Click GO LIVE. It's a blue button. Doing so will prompt YouTube to begin streaming from your webcam.

