Approach a Webcam Job Interview
https://www.wikihow.com/Approach-a-Webcam-Job-Interview

0 - Steps

1 - Dress professionally unless conveyed otherwise; for men preferably dark colored suits (blue, black or gray) with a non-flamboyant shirt and tie, and of course wear polished shoes should a full-dress camera shot apply.
Dress professionally unless conveyed otherwise; for men preferably dark colored suits (blue, black or gray) with a non-flamboyant shirt and tie, and of course wear polished shoes should a full-dress camera shot apply.
- ;

2 - For women preferably a nice pant-suit or dress, non-flamboyant with no skin revealed beneath the neck-line.
For women preferably a nice pant-suit or dress, non-flamboyant with no skin revealed beneath the neck-line. Shoes should complement your attire; avoid unprofessional looking stilettos should a full-dress camera shot apply and for men and women avoid displays of excessive jewelry or artwork on body-parts.

3 - Shut down your mobile phone or any other potential distractions within your control prior to the interview.
Shut down your mobile phone or any other potential distractions within your control prior to the interview.

4 - The presence of voice, language and body positioning is important.
The presence of voice, language and body positioning is important. Avoid elevated voice tones, slang and loose posture. Bottom-line; sound sharp and look sharp.

5 - Look directly into the camera when speaking; avoid wandering eyes or a deer caught in the headlights scenario.
Look directly into the camera when speaking; avoid wandering eyes or a deer caught in the headlights scenario. Relax and show confidence in your ability to maintain physical-control.

6 - Answer each question to the best of your ability without going overboard; keep your answers brief and to the point.
Answer each question to the best of your ability without going overboard; keep your answers brief and to the point.

7 - Avoid criticizing your previous employer or colleagues if at all possible.
Avoid criticizing your previous employer or colleagues if at all possible.

8 - Avoid leaving the confines of the camera until the interview is completely administered and remember to thank the employer for his/her time and consideration of the interview session.
Avoid leaving the confines of the camera until the interview is completely administered and remember to thank the employer for his/her time and consideration of the interview session.

9 - Remember to adjust the light sources around you so that there is light shining on your face and that there are no lights shining directly into the webcam.
Remember to adjust the light sources around you so that there is light shining on your face and that there are no lights shining directly into the webcam.

10 - Don't skimp on the webcam and microphone, quality does matter.
Don't skimp on the webcam and microphone, quality does matter.

