Make a Webcam Stand out of a Coke Can
https://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Webcam-Stand-out-of-a-Coke-Can

0 - The Blocker

1 - Get a piece of paper and decorate it however you want.
Get a piece of paper and decorate it however you want. (Don't use markers!!!)

2 - Cut out a piece of the paper as tall and wide as a Coke Can and a webcam on top.
Cut out a piece of the paper as tall and wide as a Coke Can and a webcam on top.

3 - Repeat step two 3 times.
Repeat step two 3 times.

4 - At the bottom of one of the three pieces of paper, do a 1/2 cm.
At the bottom of one of the three pieces of paper, do a 1/2 cm. fold.

5 - At the bottom of the fold, put glue on it.
At the bottom of the fold, put glue on it.

6 - Stick the paper on the hard piece of wood and make sure it blocks the webcam's lens.
Stick the paper on the hard piece of wood and make sure it blocks the webcam's lens. If it leans, fold it in a direction depending on which way it leans. There will be a better solve in the next steps.

7 - Repeat steps 4 and 5 two times.
Repeat steps 4 and 5 two times.

8 - Stick them on both sides of the coke can.
Stick them on both sides of the coke can. (Not the back, you aren't building a house!

9 - Make another cut out of the paper for the roof.
Make another cut out of the paper for the roof.

10 - Make sure you fold on all four sides of the roof and glue an two.
Make sure you fold on all four sides of the roof and glue an two. (Not The Back or front.)

11 - Stick it on, making sure that only the left and right sides are glued.
Stick it on, making sure that only the left and right sides are glued.

12 - Let dry.
Let dry.

13 - Slip the blocker's front under the roof and You have made the blocker.
Slip the blocker's front under the roof and You have made the blocker.

14 - To use the webcam again, take the front out from underneath the roof and bend down until it's under the hard piece of wood.
To use the webcam again, take the front out from underneath the roof and bend down until it's under the hard piece of wood. Tape it there.

