Make a Webcam Stand out of a Coke Can
https://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Webcam-Stand-out-of-a-Coke-Can

0 - The Stand

1 - Get an empty Coke can, and a pair of old scissors/shears

Get an empty Coke can, and a pair of old scissors/shears
- ;

2 - Grab a pair of gloves (thick enough not to cut yourself during project, but thin enough to attain proper hold on scissors/shears.
Grab a pair of gloves (thick enough not to cut yourself during project, but thin enough to attain proper hold on scissors/shears.

3 - Take the pair of scissors/shears and cut off the very top of the can

Take the pair of scissors/shears and cut off the very top of the can

4 - If possible, take the holder off of the webcam.
If possible, take the holder off of the webcam. (Make sure the webcam is Longer Than 4 1/2 inches and shaped like a ball or it will fall in!!!)

5 - Place the webcam on the hole.
Place the webcam on the hole. If it works, continue!

6 - Take the webcam off of the hole.
Take the webcam off of the hole.

7 - Get some glue, A block of wood, and a hard thing to go on top of the block of wood.
Get some glue, A block of wood, and a hard thing to go on top of the block of wood. (Big enough to support an empty coke can!)

8 - Sand the block of wood until it is to the shape you want.
Sand the block of wood until it is to the shape you want.

9 - Paint and dry the block of wood.
Paint and dry the block of wood.

10 - Find some cardboard and glue the block of wood to it.
Find some cardboard and glue the block of wood to it. You might consider painting the cardboard too.

11 - Tape the cardboard to a desk or something.
Tape the cardboard to a desk or something. Make sure the tape is strong enough to support a coke can and a webcam, but make sure you could undo it if you wanted.

12 - Get a hard piece of wood or something that's big enough to have a coke can on it and glue it on top of the block of wood.
Get a hard piece of wood or something that's big enough to have a coke can on it and glue it on top of the block of wood.

13 - Glue the coke can on top of the hard piece of wood.
Glue the coke can on top of the hard piece of wood.

14 - After it dries, Put 8 pieces of tape on the side of the coke can and make sure that they stick to the hard piece of wood.
After it dries, Put 8 pieces of tape on the side of the coke can and make sure that they stick to the hard piece of wood.

15 - It is complete!
It is complete! Put your webcam there and enjoy!!!

