Set Administrator Password
https://www.wikihow.com/Set-Administrator-Password

0 - Windows

1 - Understand the different types of administrator accounts.
Understand the different types of administrator accounts. Windows creates a disabled Administrator account automatically in all versions of Windows after XP. This account is disabled for security reasons, as the first personal account you create is an administrator by default. The following method will detail enabling the disabled Administrator account and then setting a password for it.
- If you want to change your personal administrator account's password, open the Control Panel and select the "User Accounts" option. Select your personal administrator account and then click "Create a password" or "Change your password".
- ;

2 - Press the .
Press the .⊞ Win key and type "cmd". You should see "Command Prompt" appear in the list of search results.

3 - Right-click on "Command Prompt" and select "Run as administrator".
Right-click on "Command Prompt" and select "Run as administrator".

4 - Type .
Type .net user administrator /active:yes and press ↵ Enter. This will enable the Administrator account on the computer. The most common reason for activating the Administrator account is to perform automation work without having to deal with the User Access Control message appearing every time a system setting is changed.[1]
- X
- Research source

5 - Type .
Type .net user administrator * and press ↵ Enter. This will allow you to change the Administrator password.

6 - Type the password you want to use.
Type the password you want to use. Characters will not appear as you type. Press ↵ Enter after typing the password.

7 - Retype the password to confirm it.
Retype the password to confirm it. If the passwords do not match, you'll have to try again.

8 - Type .
Type .net user administrator /active:no and press ↵ Enter. This will disable the Administrator account. It is not recommended to keep the Administrator account active when you're not using it. Once you've set your password and performed any actions you need to as the Administrator, disable it through the Command Prompt.

