Exit out of a Frozen Computer Program
https://www.wikihow.com/Exit-out-of-a-Frozen-Computer-Program

0 - 

1 - Hold down Ctrl + Alt + Del.
Hold down Ctrl + Alt + Del. This combination of keys will open up a screen with four options: Lock, Switch User, Sign out, and Task Manager.
- ;

2 - Click on Task Manager.
Click on Task Manager. Task Manager on Windows contains information about processes, programs, and services currently running on your system.

3 - Switch to the Task Manager window.
Switch to the Task Manager window. If after clicking the Task Manager link, you do not see any window pop up, it may be hidden behind the frozen program. Try pressing Alt+Tab ↹ to switch to the Task Manager window.
- Solve this problem in the future by clicking on the Options tab in the upper left corner off the Task Manager window, then make sure Always on top is selected from the dropdown menu.

4 - Find and click on the unresponsive program.
Find and click on the unresponsive program. The program will likely be under the Apps header. In the Status column, the unresponsive program will be marked by a Not responding tag.

5 - Click End Task.
Click End Task. Once a program is selected and highlighted, click the End Task button in the bottom right-hand corner of the Task Manager window.  Click End Program from the pop-up dialog box when prompted.

6 - Click the Processes tab.
Click the Processes tab. If ending the task from the Applications tab/list, you may have to end the actual process. If you are using Windows 8, you will have to click More Details from the bottom of the Task Manager window to reveal the Processes tab.

7 - Find the process and click it.
Find the process and click it. There will be a lot more in the Processes list than in the Applications list, since it also lists background processes. You may need to search a bit to find your process.

8 - Click End Process.
Click End Process. Once you have found and selected the correct process, click the End Process button from the bottom right of the Task Manager window.

