Set Up a Database in the SPSS System
https://www.wikihow.com/Set-Up-a-Database-in-the-SPSS-System

0 - Steps

1 - Open the SPSS:
Open the SPSS: Click the Start button in the bottom left-hand corner of the screen and select SPSS from the menu of programs
- ;

2 - In the SPSS Data Editor, there have two components:
In the SPSS Data Editor, there have two components: Data View and Variable View. Choosing the Data View by click the Data View button on the left-hand corner of the screen to enter the data..

3 - After entered the data, changing the screen to the Variable View, simply click the Variable

After entered the data, changing the screen to the Variable View, simply click the Variable

4 - View button which is right beside the Data View button.
View button which is right beside the Data View button.

5 - To provide a variable name, click on the current variable name (for example, var00003) and type a name for it (for example, reasons)

To provide a variable name, click on the current variable name (for example, var00003) and type a name for it (for example, reasons)

6 - Give the variable a more detailed designation, known in SPSS as a Variable Label.
Give the variable a more detailed designation, known in SPSS as a Variable Label. To do this, click the cell in the Label column for this variable, then, type in the variable label (for example, reasons for visiting).

7 - Provide the value of the variable:
Provide the value of the variable: To assign value labels, click the cell in the Values column for the variable in question. A small button with three dots on it appears. Click that button. The Value Labels dialogue box appears

8 - To define the value labels:
To define the value labels: enter the value in the area to the right of Value:, and the type in the value label in the area to the right of Label:. Then click Add.

9 - Save the data:
Save the data: Click the File and then choose the Save As. Put the name for the file and chooses the destination drive, then save it.

10 - Analyzing the data and variables:
Analyzing the data and variables: Make a selection from the menu bar at the top of the screen, for example, Analyze11.	From the menu that will appear, make a selection, for example Descriptive Statistics

11 - This will bring up another menu where you provide more information, such as the operation to be performed, for example Frequencies.
This will bring up another menu where you provide more information, such as the operation to be performed, for example Frequencies. Then you will get a new dialogue box which will provide the information for the whole statistics.

