Root a ZTE Warp
https://www.wikihow.com/Root-a-ZTE-Warp

0 - Steps

1 - Click on the following link to install updated ZTE Warp drivers on your computer:
Click on the following link to install updated ZTE Warp drivers on your computer: http://hexamob.com/drivers/GENERICOS/UniversalAdbDriverSetup6.msi
- ;

2 - Tap on “Menu” and select “Settings” on your ZTE Warp device.
Tap on “Menu” and select “Settings” on your ZTE Warp device.

3 - Tap on “Developer options,” and remove the checkmark next to “USB debugging.
Go to the MediaFire website on your computer at http://www.mediafire.com/?iemp8viqmyg8g3q.

3 - Tap on “Developer options,” and remove the checkmark next to “USB debugging.
Go to the MediaFire website on your computer at http://www.mediafire.com/?iemp8viqmyg8g3q.

5 - Select the option to download the root package to your Windows or Mac computer.
Select the option to download the root package to your Windows or Mac computer.

6 - Save the root package archive folder to your computer's desktop.
Save the root package archive folder to your computer's desktop.

7 - Double-click on the archive folder to extract all files.
Double-click on the archive folder to extract all files.[1]
- X
- Research source

8 - Connect your ZTE Warp to your computer using a USB cable.
Connect your ZTE Warp to your computer using a USB cable.

9 - Double-click on the file named “runme.bat” on your desktop.
Double-click on the file named “runme.bat” on your desktop. The rooting software will launch.

10 - Follow the on-screen prompts to root your ZTE Warp.
Follow the on-screen prompts to root your ZTE Warp.

11 - Disconnect your phone from your computer when the rooting process is complete.
Disconnect your phone from your computer when the rooting process is complete.

12 - Verify that an app called “Superuser” displays in your app menu.
Verify that an app called “Superuser” displays in your app menu. Your ZTE Warp is now rooted and ready for use.[2]
- X
- Research source

