Adjust to a New Computer Keyboard
https://www.wikihow.com/Adjust-to-a-New-Computer-Keyboard

0 - Steps

1 - Look at your keyboard.
Look at your keyboard. Compare it to the keyboard you were recently using. Did the other one have raised letters, and this one flat? Vice versa? There are many ways in which your new keyboard and your old one are different, so you may want to spend some time comparing them. When you have realized the differences, it will make it much easier to type when you are using it.
- ;

2 - Think of all the options you can choose from before you buy.
Think of all the options you can choose from before you buy. There are many stores that can show you all new types of keyboards. Here are some options:
- Best Buy
- 
- 
- Apple
- WH.shared.addScrollLoadItem('eed03c0e7a3b55205b666e39320951dc')
- 
- 
- Dell
- WH.shared.addScrollLoadItem('a9faeea213b93f43a1419fbb535ce9a8')
- 
- 
- Verizon
- WH.shared.addScrollLoadItem('bab50b27e04469ef59275ffbfd1bce0b')

3 - Think of the kind that introduce your interests.
Think of the kind that introduce your interests. There are types that light up in the dark, have hand warming systems, etc. Think long and hard, as this step is critical. List things you have had trouble with in past keyboards. Too low? Too high? Hard to type? List these, and then search for the kind that suits your needs.

4 - Open up Notepad.
Open up Notepad. Or another online writing document, and just type. You do not need to type in any words, because this is just something to help you get to feel the way the keyboard works. Spend some time looking at the keyboard while you type, note the way your hands feel as you type, you may even want to do one letter at a time, to see the way it looks under the print.

5 - Type actual words.
Type actual words. Open up a book or textbook you have, and type a page or two from the book until you can type without worrying where your hands are going to go. This will only work if you follow step 2, so if you skipped the second step, go back and do it.

6 - Look at the outside buttons.
Look at the outside buttons. These buttons include the Alt, Ctrl, Shift, and Enter keys on your keyboard. Spend some time getting used to those after you are familiar with the actual lettering. It may take some time, but once you know where the letters, numbers, and outside buttons are, you will have completely mastered the keyboard skills!

7 - Look at the height of your keyboard.
Look at the height of your keyboard. Some people like using miniature tabs that are on the back of your keyboard, while some prefer not adding the extra height. Look and see if there are tabs on the back of your keyboard (They usually flip right over with a simple pull), and see whether or not you like adding the extra height.

8 - IM a friend!
IM a friend! If you can, IM one of your friends (AIM, Yahoo, GMAIL,AOL, etc...), and see if you can beat your friend in "Writing Contests". Set out a sentence or two and then type it! If you can beat your friend, you have then officially mastered your keyboard! Give yourself a pat on the back, you've come a long way!

9 - Think about all of your options before you buy.
Think about all of your options before you buy. Would you like a keyboard separate? Or one built-in, like on a laptop? Choose carefully, because until you "spill orange juice" on your keyboard again, you're going to have to stick with it!

