D630 Laptop
https://www.wikihow.com/Clean-the-Keyboard-on-a-Dell-Latitude-D620/D630-Laptop

0 - Steps

1 - Disconnect the Power adaptor from the back of the computer.
Disconnect the Power adaptor from the back of the computer.
- ;

2 - Remove the battery on the bottom of the computer by sliding the release button and pulling the battery out.
Remove the battery on the bottom of the computer by sliding the release button and pulling the battery out.
- Caution: Failure to remove the power sources in steps 1 and 2 could result in possible electrocution/death.

3 - Take a flat head screwdriver and insert it into the indent on the upper right hand side of the gray boarder that surrounds the keyboard.
Take a flat head screwdriver and insert it into the indent on the upper right hand side of the gray boarder that surrounds the keyboard.

4 - Carefully and gently pry open the strip of plastic known as the switch cover using the screwdriver.
Carefully and gently pry open the strip of plastic known as the switch cover using the screwdriver.

5 - Once the plastic is removed enough to fit a finger in the space, carefully pry the switch cover from the right to the left.
Once the plastic is removed enough to fit a finger in the space, carefully pry the switch cover from the right to the left. Once removed, set aside.

6 - There are three (3) screws that connect the keyboard to the computer.
There are three (3) screws that connect the keyboard to the computer. Use a small screwdriver to undo all three of them and set them aside where they will not get lost.

7 - Starting with the part of the keyboard closest to the bottom of the screen, gently lift the keyboard, keeping the part closest to the front in contact with the computer.
Starting with the part of the keyboard closest to the bottom of the screen, gently lift the keyboard, keeping the part closest to the front in contact with the computer.
- Caution: Do not perform this step quickly! The keyboard is still attached to the computer on the underside.

8 - Under the keyboard, locate the cable holder that secures the keyboards connection.
Under the keyboard, locate the cable holder that secures the keyboards connection.

9 - Open the cable holder to allow for access to the cable connector of the keyboard.
Open the cable holder to allow for access to the cable connector of the keyboard.

10 - Locate the cable connection site, just above the cable holder.
Locate the cable connection site, just above the cable holder.

11 - Take hold of the blue tape that is used for grip and carefully separate the keyboard connector and the computer.
Take hold of the blue tape that is used for grip and carefully separate the keyboard connector and the computer. The keyboard is now free. Carefully set aside.

12 - Take the can of compressed air and spray the keyboard connection site located on the computer to remove dust.
Take the can of compressed air and spray the keyboard connection site located on the computer to remove dust.

13 - Spray the keyboard connector, located on the removed keyboard, in the same way that the keyboard connection was sprayed to remove dust.
Spray the keyboard connector, located on the removed keyboard, in the same way that the keyboard connection was sprayed to remove dust.

14 - While the keyboard is removed, you have access to the fan that keeps the computer cool.
While the keyboard is removed, you have access to the fan that keeps the computer cool. Spray this with air to allow better circulation in the computer and increased performance. You will not have access to the fan motor, but the fan blades can be sprayed to decrease resistance.

15 - Carefully plug keyboard connector into the connection site on the computer.
Carefully plug keyboard connector into the connection site on the computer.

16 - Reassemble the keyboard in the reverse of the given instructions.
Reassemble the keyboard in the reverse of the given instructions.

17 - Reinstall the battery and reconnect the power supply.
Reinstall the battery and reconnect the power supply.

