Scan Documents Into PDF
https://www.wikihow.com/Scan-Documents-Into-PDF

0 - On Mac

1 - Connect your scanner to your computer.
Connect your scanner to your computer. Depending on your scanner, you can do this via the USB cable, or you can connect wirelessly using your home Wi-Fi if your scanner has that feature.
- Every scanner is different, so consult the manufacturer's user guide for instructions on how to properly connect your scanner to your computer.

2 - Place your document in the scanner.
Place your document in the scanner. This should be the document you want to turn into a PDF.

3 - Click Go.
Click Go. This menu item is in row of options in the upper-left corner of your Mac's screen.
- If you don't see Go, click your Mac's desktop or open a new Finder window.

4 - Click Applications.
Click Applications. It's near the bottom of the Go drop-down menu. Your Mac's Applications folder will open.

5 - Double-click Image Capture.
Double-click Image Capture. This program's icon resembles a camera. Image Capture will open.
- You may have to scroll down to find Image Capture.

6 - Select your scanner.
Select your scanner. Click your scanner's name in the upper-left side of the window.[1]
- X
- Research source

7 - Select a scanner type.
Select a scanner type. Click the drop-down box next to "Scan Mode", then click one of the following:
- 
- Feeder - Select this option if your documents are fed into the scanner through a chute. Used for scanning multiple documents into one PDF.
- Flatbed - Pick this option if your scanner has a lid that you lift up to place the documents.

8 - Select a destination folder.
Select a destination folder. Click the "Scan To" drop-down box, then click a folder (e.g., Desktop) to which you would like to send the PDF.

9 - Click the Format drop-down box.
Click the Format drop-down box. It's in the middle of the right side of the page.

10 - Click PDF.
Click PDF. This option is in the Format drop-down menu. Doing so ensures that your document will scan into PDF format.
- If this isn't an option, use the default settings to scan your image into your computer as an image, then convert the image to a PDF.

11 - Click Scan.
Click Scan. It's in the bottom-right corner of the window. Clicking this option scans your document into your computer and saves it as a PDF in your specified location.

