Scan Photos
https://www.wikihow.com/Scan-Photos

0 - Scanning Like a Pro

1 - Put in the time.
Put in the time. If you really want your photos to look amazing when they're scanned in, you'll need to employ some special tricks but the most important part is that you'll really have to spend time working on the project. Each photo needs to be scanned and edited individually, so don't try to save time by scanning them all at once if you want them to really look good.[1]
- X
- Research source

2 - Scan the original film when possible.
Scan the original film when possible. If you have the option to, scanning the original film using a film scanner will give you a much higher quality image. Film scanners aren't inexpensive, but if you have a lot of pictures to preserve it might be a good idea.

3 - Do not turn the photos in the scanning program.
Do not turn the photos in the scanning program. When you turn the photos in the scanning program's preview window (or even turn them afterwards in a photo editor), you can lose some image quality. Scan them in the correct orientation to begin with and you'll help preserve the quality of your image.

4 - Scan in 24 Bit.
Scan in 24 Bit. In the list of options that includes black and white scanning, color scanning, etc., you will sometimes have the option to scan in 24 bit. This is the best choice for quality scans and you should take it whenever you can.[2]
- X
- Research source

5 - Adjust the levels and saturation.
Adjust the levels and saturation. If your scanning program has options for adjusting the levels and saturation before scanning, take that option. Adjusting these within a photo program later can damage the image and lose a lot of detail. Levels and saturation settings change the colors, darks, and brights in an image, helping you restore a faded picture.

6 - If you are scanning to make large sized reprints, and enormous file size is not a problem, save as a tiff file.
If you are scanning to make large sized reprints, and enormous file size is not a problem, save as a tiff file. If you want compact files, save in png or jpg (also called jpeg) format.

7 - Use Photoshop to restore photos, not an automatic setting.
Use Photoshop to restore photos, not an automatic setting. Generally, automatic settings will not do as good a job at fixing things as a person can. You can learn to use a program like Photoshop or you can actually hire professionals to do quick touch-ups on photos that are very important to you.

