Transfer a Hand Drawing to a Computer
https://www.wikihow.com/Transfer-a-Hand-Drawing-to-a-Computer

0 - Using a Scanner

1 - Find a scanner to use.
Find a scanner to use. Typically, scanners are found near or combined with printers. If you don't have one at home, see if your local library or school/college campus has one you can use.

2 - Place the drawing in the scanner.
Place the drawing in the scanner. Make sure the drawing is placed in the correct direction. You can always fix the rotation later on in through in-house software.

3 - Check for a connection point to access the file once scanned.
Check for a connection point to access the file once scanned. This could be through USB, WiFi, or through uploading on the internet (ex: Google Drive).

4 - Scan the drawing.
Scan the drawing. Wait, how do you do that? Fortunately, there is usually some free pre-installed software. Examples of software used are Image Capture for Mac and Scan for Windows 10.
- Note: There are many slight nuances to scanning with different equipment so, if your lost on how to do this step then google "How to scan on [name of what your scanning with]." Hopefully, there is a wikiHow on that.

5 - Configure scan settings.
Configure scan settings. Depending on your preferences, you can change certain settings. 
- Color: You could choose to have color or black and white.
- DPI:  Increasing the DPI value to its highest is recommended for a better resolution (around 600 DPI will do fine) since it allows for manipulations later on. A lower value will be fine too, but editing it may make the drawing look worse.
- File format: There are multiple file formats to choose but, JPEG and PNG are typically suitable. PNG is more preferable since it can scale while retaining its resolution at the cost of a larger file size.

6 - Edit the digital drawing.
Edit the digital drawing. Most likely, the drawing will have some problems. Both Windows and Mac have their own in-house software for this. There is also free photo-editing software available such as Gimp. Clicking "Edit/markup" on Windows/Mac will pull up a window to make changes.
- Crop: Clears up any white space on the edges of the paper if you haven't used the whole page for the drawing.
- Note: You can convert/trace the drawing to a vector format for easier editing. This information will be mentioned later in the article.

