Clean a Biometric Scanner
https://www.wikihow.com/Clean-a-Biometric-Scanner

0 - Steps

1 - Disconnect the unit from the power source

Disconnect the unit from the power source
- ;

2 - Keep a soft cloth handy when you are about to start cleaning the scanning area.
Keep a soft cloth handy when you are about to start cleaning the scanning area.

3 - Take care while lifting up and removing the front layer of the scanning area.
Take care while lifting up and removing the front layer of the scanning area.

4 - Remove the part where the finger is placed for scanning.
Remove the part where the finger is placed for scanning.

5 - Clean the area using a soft piece of cloth.
Clean the area using a soft piece of cloth.

6 - If there are bigger dirt particles, try removing them using a light blower.
If there are bigger dirt particles, try removing them using a light blower.

7 - Moisten a lint-free cloth with acetone.You can also use a cotton swab as an alternative.
Moisten a lint-free cloth with acetone.You can also use a cotton swab as an alternative.

8 - Very gently, rub the cloth over the sensor surface in all directions.
Very gently, rub the cloth over the sensor surface in all directions.

9 - Repeat the process twice or thrice until completely clean.
Repeat the process twice or thrice until completely clean.

10 - Once the surface is dry, cover the area of the sensor.
Once the surface is dry, cover the area of the sensor.

11 - Make sure there is no residual solution left over the sensor.
Make sure there is no residual solution left over the sensor.

12 - If the scanning area appears cloudy or something gets spilled on it, use ammonia based cleaner and clean it with a soft cloth.
If the scanning area appears cloudy or something gets spilled on it, use ammonia based cleaner and clean it with a soft cloth.

13 - Blot the surface dry.
Blot the surface dry.

14 - If there’s a sticky residue or underlying oiliness, you may scotch tape to get rid of it.
If there’s a sticky residue or underlying oiliness, you may scotch tape to get rid of it.

15 - Place it down and then peel it off.
Place it down and then peel it off.

16 - Reconnect the terminal after the cleaning process is complete.
Reconnect the terminal after the cleaning process is complete.

17 - Warning!
Warning! Industry solvents may hamper the capturing sensitivity and the device can sometimes fail to recognize the user.

