Fix a Stuck Pixel on an LCD Monitor
https://www.wikihow.com/Fix-a-Stuck-Pixel-on-an-LCD-Monitor

0 - Using Screen-Fixing Software

1 - Understand how this method works.
Understand how this method works. Screen-fixing software plays a random combination of red, green, and blue hues at a rate of up to 60 flashes per second in an attempt to jar the stuck pixel back into its usual cycle.
- Screen-fixing software isn't guaranteed to work, but its success rate is usually above 50 percent.
- There are paid versions of screen-fixing software, but free versions are just as effective at fixing stuck pixels that are still fixable.

2 - Avoid using screen-fixing software if you have epilepsy.
Avoid using screen-fixing software if you have epilepsy. Since screen-fixing programs display rapidly flashing lights in an erratic pattern, you'll want to avoid performing this process yourself if you (or anyone in your family) have epileptic seizures.

3 - Open the JScreenFix website.
Open the JScreenFix website. Go to http://www.jscreenfix.com/ in your browser. JScreenFix is a free, online app that can fix stuck pixels.

4 - Scroll down and click Launch JScreenFix.
Scroll down and click Launch JScreenFix. It's a blue button near the bottom of the page. This will open the JScreenFix program in your browser.

5 - Find the stuck pixel.
Find the stuck pixel. Most of the browser window will be black, so finding the stuck pixel should be easy.
- If the stuck pixel isn't in the black section of the window, press F11 to make your browser full-screen. You may have to hold Fn while pressing F11 if the browser doesn't full-screen when pressing F11.

6 - Move the pixel-fixer onto the stuck pixel.
Move the pixel-fixer onto the stuck pixel. Click and drag the box of static over onto the pixel, then drop it there.

7 - Leave the pixel-fixer for at least 10 minutes.
Leave the pixel-fixer for at least 10 minutes. Make sure not to minimize the window, move the pixel-fixer, or turn off your monitor in the process.
- If possible, leave the pixel-fixer in place for an hour.

8 - Review the pixel's status.
Review the pixel's status. Once you've left the pixel-fixer over the pixel for the allotted amount of time, close the window to view the pixel. If the pixel has been fixed, you're done.
- If the pixel hasn't been fixed, consider shutting down your monitor for a day and then retrying this method. You can also proceed to using pressure and heat to try to fix your monitor, but doing so is not recommended.

