Fix a Scratch on an LCD Screen
https://www.wikihow.com/Fix-a-Scratch-on-an-LCD-Screen

0 - Purchasing a New LCD Screen Cover

1 - Assess the damage.
Assess the damage. If your screen is scratched to the point where it impairs the visual presentation--but the actual LCD display is unharmed--then purchasing a new screen cover is practical. If the LCD display has been damaged (parts of the screen are black or rainbow-colored), however, your item is likely beyond repair and you will need to purchase a TV/phone/computer.

2 - Find your TV/computer/phone's model number.
Find your TV/computer/phone's model number. You can usually find the specific model number on the back of a TV or phone, or the bottom of a laptop. You'll need this number to make sure you purchase the correct type of screen.
- Make sure you have your manufacturer's name as well (e.g., Sony or Toshiba).

3 - Open a search engine of your choice.
Open a search engine of your choice.

4 - Type in your manufacturer name, model number, and "screen replacement".
Type in your manufacturer name, model number, and "screen replacement". Higher price doesn't always correlate with higher quality, so look through your results carefully before deciding on a screen replacement.
- For a more focused search, go to Amazon or eBay and type the same thing in.

5 - Call your local tech department for a price check.
Call your local tech department for a price check. You may find that you're better off buying a new item anyway--if the combination of their services and the screen's price ends up being as much as a new TV, for example, you should consider just purchasing the new TV.

6 - If it's cost-effective, purchase your screen.
If it's cost-effective, purchase your screen.

7 - Take your screen to a professional for installation.
Take your screen to a professional for installation. Most tech departments (e.g., Best Buy) will replace your screen for you, though they often charge a considerable fee--another reason to purchase a mid-range screen replacement rather than the most expensive one.
- Replacing your own screen cover is not recommended.

8 - After your new screen is installed, purchase a screen protector.
After your new screen is installed, purchase a screen protector. Your screen should now be safe from future scratches!

