Print Double Sided Documents on Any Printer
https://www.wikihow.com/Print-Double-Sided-Documents-on-Any-Printer

0 - Steps

1 - Open a document on your computer.
Open a document on your computer. Double-click the document on your computer or open the program you created the document with and open your file from the program's menu.
- ;

2 - Click Print….
Click Print…. This is typically under the File tab or menu. In some cases, there may be a printer icon in the toolbar at the top of the window.

3 - Change the page range to "Odd pages only."
Change the page range to "Odd pages only." This function is not always immediately visible in the Print dialog box.
- In some versions of Word, for example, you need to click the Copies & Pages drop-down and click Microsoft Word to display this option.
- In Acrobat Reader, click the More Options arrow in the "Pages to Print" section of the dialog box.
- Some apps, such as Google Docs and Preview on Mac, don't support even/odd printing, but you can work around this by manually entering the odd pages (i.e. 1, 3, 5, etc.) or by saving your document as a PDF and opening it in Adobe Acrobat Reader, which is available for free.

4 - Click Print.
Click Print. Doing so will print the odd-numbered pages.

5 - Insert the printed document back into your printer.
Insert the printed document back into your printer. Every printer is different so make sure the blank sides of the document are aligned to be printed on and the pages are in the right order so it will print on the back side of every page, in the right direction. 
- Follow the instructions in your printer's documentation or the visible guides on the feed tray. If you're still not sure, experiment with a single test sheet so that you'll know which side of the paper is printed on and in which direction, i.e. whether printing begins at the top or bottom of a page.

6 - Click Print… in the document.
Click Print… in the document.

7 - Change the page range to "Even pages only."
Change the page range to "Even pages only."

8 - Click Print.
Click Print. The even pages will print onto the blank sides of the odd pages, and you'll have a double-sided printout of your document.

