Make the HP 2015 Printer Print an Adobe Acrobat Reader File
https://www.wikihow.com/Make-the-HP-2015-Printer-Print-an-Adobe-Acrobat-Reader-File

0 - Steps

1 - Uninstall (and later reinstall) the Acrobat Reader software, temporarily.
Uninstall (and later reinstall) the Acrobat Reader software, temporarily. You'll be reinstalling this software later.
- ;

2 - Complete a system-reboot.
Complete a system-reboot. Restart your computer, after you've uninstalled the program.  Sometimes rebooting can temporarily cause the computer to clear it's running processes, which may even include your HP 2015 printer.

3 - Make sure all items have finished printing, or press the Cancel button on your printer.
Make sure all items have finished printing, or press the Cancel button on your printer.

4 - Clear the log completely of all documents.
Clear the log completely of all documents.  For "stuck" documents that just won't budge, you can read Remove an Undeletable Stuck Document from the Windows Printer Queue.

5 - Visit the HP website to find the updated driver for your HP printer.
Visit the HP website to find the updated driver for your HP printer.

6 - Run the file provided to install the driver.
Run the file provided to install the driver.

7 - Change some settings for your printer.
Change some settings for your printer.  You'll need to make the printer communicate with your computer, by browsing for the new file the new driver software provided.

8 - Make this printer your default printer.
Make this printer your default printer.

9 - Reboot your PC once again.
Reboot your PC once again.  This will cause the computer to correct any log files that may still be existent in your PC system.

10 - Reinstall the Acrobat Reader to your computer.
Reinstall the Acrobat Reader to your computer.  Use the Adobe website to make sure you have the most up to date version of the software available.

11 - Open the selected PDF file, and try to reprint it.
Open the selected PDF file, and try to reprint it.

