Connect to a Network Printer
https://www.wikihow.com/Connect-to-a-Network-Printer

0 - On Mac

1 - Turn on your printer.
Turn on your printer. Plug your printer into an electrical outlet if necessary, then press the printer's "Power"  button to turn on the printer if it isn't already on.

2 - Make sure your printer is connected to Wi-Fi.
Make sure your printer is connected to Wi-Fi. In order to connect to your printer via a network, your printer must be connected to Wi-Fi.
- The steps for connecting a printer to Wi-Fi will vary from printer to printer, so check your printer's manual or online documentation for model-specific instructions on connecting to Wi-Fi.
- Some printers must be connected directly to your router via an Ethernet cable in order to connect to the Internet.

3 - Connect your computer to your printer's Wi-Fi network if necessary.
Connect your computer to your printer's Wi-Fi network if necessary. Most printers require you to be connected to the same network to which your printer is connected. If your computer is connected to a different network, do the following:
- Click the "Wi-Fi"  icon in the top-right corner of the screen.
- Click the name of the Wi-Fi network to which your printer is connected.
- Enter the password if prompted.
- Click Join.

4 - Open the Apple menu .
Open the Apple menu . Click the Apple logo in the top-left corner of the screen. A drop-down menu will appear.

5 - Click System Preferences….
Click System Preferences…. It's in the drop-down menu. The System Preferences window will open.

6 - Click Printers & Scanners.
Click Printers & Scanners. This is on the right side of the System Preferences window.

7 - Click ＋.
Click ＋. It's below the left-hand sidebar. Doing so brings up a list of available printers.

8 - Select your printer's name.
Select your printer's name. Click the name of the printer to which you want to connect.
- Your printer's name is usually a combination of the printer's manufacturer's name and the model number.

9 - Click Add.
Click Add. It's at the bottom of the list. Your Mac will begin connecting to the printer.

10 - Follow any on-screen prompts.
Follow any on-screen prompts. Depending on your printer, it may need to install drivers or be verified by your computer. If so, click through any on-screen prompts as they appear.

