Print Brochures
https://www.wikihow.com/Print-Brochures

0 - Using Adobe Acrobat

1 - Open the brochure in Acrobat.
Open the brochure in Acrobat. If Adobe Acrobat is your computer's default document reader, simply double-click the brochure; otherwise, do the following:
- 
- Windows - Right-click the brochure, select Open with, and click Adobe Acrobat in the menu.
- Mac - Click the PDF, click File, select Open With, and click Adobe Acrobat or Acrobat in the menu.

2 - Click File.
Click File. It's either in the top-left corner of the Acrobat window (Windows) or in the top-left corner of the screen (Mac). A drop-down menu will appear.

3 - Click Print.
Click Print. You'll find this option in the drop-down menu. This will prompt the "Print" window to open.

4 - Select a printer.
Select a printer. Click the "Printer" drop-down box at the top of the window, then click a printer in the drop-down menu.

5 - Check the "Pages" box.
Check the "Pages" box. It's near the top of the Acrobat Print page.

6 - Make sure that the "Pages" box has a 1 in it.
Make sure that the "Pages" box has a 1 in it. This will prompt the printer to print the first page in the brochure (e.g., one side of the brochure) but not the second page.

7 - Check the "Landscape" box.
Check the "Landscape" box. It's on the left side of the page. Doing so orients your brochure sideways so that the whole piece of paper is used.

8 - Click Print.
Click Print. This option is at the bottom of the page. The brochure should now print.

9 - Reinsert the paper.
Reinsert the paper. Place the printed paper face-up with the left-most part of the brochure going into the printer first. Now that one side of the brochure printed, it's time to print the other side.
- If the paper printed face-up, place the printed paper face-down here instead.

10 - Re-open the "Print" window.
Re-open the "Print" window. Click File, click Print, and make sure that your settings are the same.

11 - Change the "Pages" number to 2.
Change the "Pages" number to 2. This will ignore the first page (which you already printed) and print only the second page of the brochure.

12 - Click Print.
Click Print.

13 - Make sure that your brochure printed correctly.
Make sure that your brochure printed correctly. If your brochure is properly printed on both sides, you can repeat this process with multiple brochures.
- If the brochure doesn't print properly, try inserting the paper in different directions until the second page of the brochure prints properly.

