Set up a Printer on a Network With Windows 7
https://www.wikihow.com/Set-up-a-Printer-on-a-Network-With-Windows-7

0 - Share a Printer on a Homegroup Network

1 - Go to the computer that your printer is physically plugged into.
Go to the computer that your printer is physically plugged into.

2 - Click on the Windows logo or Start button on the bottom of the computer screen.
Click on the Windows logo or Start button on the bottom of the computer screen.

3 - Click on "Control Panel.
Click on "Control Panel."

4 - Type "homegroup" into the search field, which can be found in the upper-right corner of the Control Panel window.
Type "homegroup" into the search field, which can be found in the upper-right corner of the Control Panel window.

5 - Click directly on "HomeGroup" when it appears in the search results.
Click directly on "HomeGroup" when it appears in the search results.
- You may also click on the "Share Printers" link within the HomeGroup section.

6 - Place a check mark next to "Printers.
Place a check mark next to "Printers."

7 - Click on "Save changes.
Click on "Save changes."
- By default, there should already be a check mark next to "Printers."

8 - Walk over to the computer with which you want to share the printer.
Walk over to the computer with which you want to share the printer.

9 - Click on the Start button.
Click on the Start button.

10 - Select "Control Panel.
Select "Control Panel."

11 - Type "homegroup" into the search box.
Type "homegroup" into the search box.

12 - Select "HomeGroup" from the search results window.
Select "HomeGroup" from the search results window.

13 - Click on "Install Printer.
Click on "Install Printer."

14 - Click "Install driver" from the dialog box that appears if you need to install the current driver for your printer.
Click "Install driver" from the dialog box that appears if you need to install the current driver for your printer.

15 - Access the printer as if it was physically connected by using the print dialog box from any program on your computer.
Access the printer as if it was physically connected by using the print dialog box from any program on your computer.
- You must power on the computer the printer is connected to in order to print documents from the other computer.

