Clear a Paper Jam in a Laser Printer
https://www.wikihow.com/Clear-a-Paper-Jam-in-a-Laser-Printer

0 - Steps

1 - Check the laser printer's user guide or manual for instructions.
Check the laser printer's user guide or manual for instructions. The documentation provided when you bought the printer may have information on how to clear a jam. Follow any instructions that are provided.
- ;

2 - Look for instructions on the printer.
Look for instructions on the printer. Some laser printer models will provide diagnostic information during a paper jam, such as where to look for the problem, or how to pull the paper out. Follow any instructions that show up on the printer or computer screen.

3 - Turn the machine off.
Turn the machine off. Laser printers have fusers that provide heat, so if the paper jam is near the fuser, let the printer cool off before you touch anything.

4 - Open the printer door that gives you access to the paper.
Open the printer door that gives you access to the paper. Pull open any door and slide any tray that moves to give you the best view of where the jam has occurred.

5 - Check for paper that is stuck.
Check for paper that is stuck. With the doors open, you should be able to see the paper and where it is jammed. Look around the inside of the entire printer to make sure there are not other sheets stuck, or small strips or scraps of paper that might have torn off. Common locations of paper jams in laser printer include paper input and output trays, the fuser, the toner cartridge, and any other place that paper comes into contact with a roller.
- Grab the handle on the toner cartridge and gently pull it out to give you a look at any paper that may be stuck around it. Replace the toner cartridge after you have cleared the paper, or ensured that no paper is stuck inside of it.

6 - Pull out the sheets of paper that are jammed.
Pull out the sheets of paper that are jammed. Gently hold on to the paper and pull it out of the laser printer.
- Try to pull the paper in the direction that it normally feeds. Pulling it backwards can damage the laser printer's function.
- Remove all of the paper and scraps. Do not leave anything behind that can cause additional jamming.

7 - Close all of the doors on the laser printer and turn it back on.
Close all of the doors on the laser printer and turn it back on. Most laser printer models will reset themselves automatically, and you will be able to re-print what you had started.

