Clear a Paper Jam in an All in One Printer
https://www.wikihow.com/Clear-a-Paper-Jam-in-an-All-in-One-Printer

0 - Steps

1 - Turn off and unplug the printer when a jam occurs.
Turn off and unplug the printer when a jam occurs.
- ;

2 - Remove any loose paper from the printer tray.
Remove any loose paper from the printer tray.

3 - Turn the printer around and remove the rear cartridge panel.
Turn the printer around and remove the rear cartridge panel.

4 - Observe any paper that is caught within the cartridge rollers.
Observe any paper that is caught within the cartridge rollers. Gently pull any jammed paper out of the rollers.

5 - Ensure that any torn pieces of paper have been removed from the rollers.
Ensure that any torn pieces of paper have been removed from the rollers.

6 - Look at the front of the printer.
Look at the front of the printer. If there is jammed paper in the front, carefully remove it, paying attention to any small bits of paper that may have torn off completely.

7 - Plug the printer back in and turn the printer on.
Plug the printer back in and turn the printer on.

8 - Attempt to print a test page.
Attempt to print a test page. If the page prints successfully, the jam has been removed. If a paper jam error message appears on the printer screen, proceed to the next step.

9 - Turn the printer off and unplug the unit.
Turn the printer off and unplug the unit.

10 - Open the front panel.
Open the front panel.

11 - Look for any jammed paper.
Look for any jammed paper. Gently pull any jams from the front cartridge area.

12 - Plug in the printer and turn the printer on.
Plug in the printer and turn the printer on. Attempt to print a test page.

13 - Refer to the printer's user's manual or the manufacturer's website for detailed guidance if the printer is still non-functioning.
Refer to the printer's user's manual or the manufacturer's website for detailed guidance if the printer is still non-functioning.

