Connect a Canon TS3150 to Wi%E2%80%90Fi
https://www.wikihow.com/Connect-a-Canon-TS3150-to-Wi%E2%80%90Fi

0 - Using a Windows or Mac Computer

1 - Go to the Canon Start Up page.
Go to the Canon Start Up page. You can use any web browser to complete the setup process for your printer and computer.

2 - Click Set Up.
Click Set Up. You'll see this next to a red unboxing icon in the middle of the web page.

3 - Enter TS3150 and click Go.
Enter TS3150 and click Go. Capitalization does not matter.
- If a region or country selection screen appears, follow the on-screen instructions to continue.

4 - Click Download.
Click Download. If you're using Windows 10 in S mode, this method will not work; the necessary drivers and software (Inkjet Print Utility) you'll need will automatically download to your computer when your printer is connected to the network.[3]
- X
- Research source
- 
- Your OS should be detected automatically and you should see the appropriate downloads; however, you can change the OS in the drop-down menu that's located in the upper right corner of the page.

5 - Click the .exe (Windows) or .dmg (Mac) file.
Click the .exe (Windows) or .dmg (Mac) file. If you're using Windows, you might have to give the file permission to continue. On a Mac, click Next.

6 - Click Start Setup.
Click Start Setup. You'll see this at the top of the new window.

7 - Click to select your region and country.
Click to select your region and country. The countries listed change as you select different regions, so if you don't see your country listed in one region, try another.
- Click Next to continue.

8 - Click Yes after you read the license agreement.
Click Yes after you read the license agreement. Make sure you agree to the terms before clicking Yes to continue.

9 - Click Agree or Do not agree to install survey software.
Click Agree or Do not agree to install survey software. It doesn't matter if you agree to this additional software; you'll be able to use the printer either way.

10 - Make sure the box is checked  next to "Deactivate the block.
Make sure the box is checked  next to "Deactivate the block." This ensures that your printer and computer can communicate through the firewall.
- Click Next to continue.

11 - Select the connection type (if the connection selection screen appears).
Select the connection type (if the connection selection screen appears). You can choose to use a wireless connection or USB connection.[4]
- X
- Research source
- 
- If your computer automatically detected the connection to your printer and didn't display this screen, you can skip this step.

12 - Click Yes (if you see the check connection method screen).
Click Yes (if you see the check connection method screen). You should see your printer's serial number displayed as well as any other pertinent information, like your wireless router's ID.
- If the information displayed on this screen is incorrect, click No to be able to reconnect to a different router or printer.

13 - Click Next.
Click Next. You'll see this after you've successfully connected your printer and computer.
- To complete the setup, continue following the on-screen instructions, including aligning the print head and performing a print test.

14 - Click Next to install the appropriate software.
Click Next to install the appropriate software. You'll be able to select parts of the software (like the Quick Menu) to install.

15 - Click Exit.
Click Exit. When the printing software is downloaded and installed, you'll be able to close the setup tutorial.[5]
- X
- Research source

