Connect to WiFi in Windows 10
https://www.wikihow.com/Connect-to-WiFi-in-Windows-10

0 - Connecting to a Visible Wi-Fi Network

1 - Turn on the router if you own the network.
Turn on the router if you own the network. The router acts like a man in the middle, connecting you to the internet. If it's off, then you won't be able to connect to that network.
- ;

2 - Select the network  icon from the notification area to open the network flyout.
Select the network  icon from the notification area to open the network flyout. If your device is able to connect to a wireless network through a wireless adapter, then you'll see a signal/broadcast radio wave icon with a star above it.
- If your device is wireless capable but the icon is missing, then go to "Settings > Personalization > Taskbar > Select which icons appear on the taskbar" and slide the switch next to "Network" to "On".
- You can also go to "Settings > Network & Internet > Wi-Fi > Show available networks".

3 - Make sure Wi-Fi is turned on.
Make sure Wi-Fi is turned on. See if the "Wi-Fi" tile is colored at the bottom of the pane.

4 - Click or tap the network name (SSID_service set identifier[1]
X
Research source


) you want to connect to.
Click or tap the network name (SSID/service set identifier[1]
- X
- Research source
- 
- ) you want to connect to.

5 - Decide whether to always connect to the network automatically when it's in range.
Decide whether to always connect to the network automatically when it's in range. Either check or uncheck the box next to "Connect automatically".

6 - Press the Connect button.
Press the Connect button.

7 - Either enter the network password.
Either enter the network password.
- If the router is WPS enabled, press the button on the router to connect.

8 - Click or tap Next.
Click or tap Next.

9 - Choose sharing settings.
Choose sharing settings. You'll be asked "Do you want allow your PC to be discoverable by other PCs and devices on this network". Clicking away will choose the "No" option.
- If on your home or workplace network, select Yes, otherwise choose No.

10 - Begin using the network.
Begin using the network. You might have to agree to the network Terms. To do this, open a browser and attempt to access a website. Complete the requirements and begin using the network.

11 - To disconnect, simply open the Wi-Fi pane and select the network you're connected to.
To disconnect, simply open the Wi-Fi pane and select the network you're connected to. Press Disconnect.

