Completely Rebuild the Icon Cache in Windows 8.1 and 10
https://www.wikihow.com/Completely-Rebuild-the-Icon-Cache-in-Windows-8.1-and-10

0 - Using File Explorer

1 - Press the Start button at the bottom-right corner of your screen.
Press the Start button at the bottom-right corner of your screen.
- ;

2 - Type folder options and select the result that matches your search.
Type folder options and select the result that matches your search.  This will allow you to change file viewing settings so that you can see hidden files like IconCache.

3 - Go to the View tab.
Go to the View tab.

4 - Scroll down under Advanced settings:
Scroll down under Advanced settings: and click the circle next to Show hidden files, folders, and drives.

5 - Uncheck the box  next to Hide protected operating system files (Recommended).
Uncheck the box  next to Hide protected operating system files (Recommended).

6 - Click or tap the OK box to save your changes and close folder options.
Click or tap the OK box to save your changes and close folder options.

7 - Open File Explorer
Open File Explorer.  File Explorer lets you see all the files on your computer, including system files like the icon cache.
- Note: In Windows 7 and earlier, it is called Windows Explorer.

8 - In the address bar of File Explorer, type %userprofile%_AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Explorer.
In the address bar of File Explorer, type %userprofile%/AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Explorer.

9 - Select all of the files (by pressing Ctrl+A simultaneously).
Select all of the files (by pressing Ctrl+A simultaneously).

10 - Delete the files (either by right-clicking and selecting Delete) or clicking ✘ Delete in the ribbon.
Delete the files (either by right-clicking and selecting Delete) or clicking ✘ Delete in the ribbon.
- If prompted by a window, click or tap Yes.
- A folder named IconCacheToDelete may appear after deleting all the other files.  Leave it alone.

11 - Restart your PC.
Restart your PC.

